folks I bought these depot European
headlights for my 1990 300 SEL and I've
got them wired up according to the
original diagram brown yellow green and
white brown yellow two red wires to the
green fog light and the white wire to
the white wire this is according to the
original diagram there's a silver box
this silver box
snicks up here to this clip where red
goes to red and black to black and then
it has these two larger wires which are
securely set it collected with the gray
going to the black and the red going to
the red out of this box
there's our black wire which goes to a
red wire through a red fuse box that is
connected securely to the battery and
similarly there is a ground wire
securely connected to the battery
terminal and it is this ground wire
coming out of the silver box this box
Bruns a wire to the other lights where
by the same token we have another silver
box it has a ground wire which is
securely fastened to the car body right
there let's see did we see it right
there and similarly we have the red to
the red and the gray black and also
there is adhere this little clip is
connected up with with red to red and
black to black the only problem is that
the lights work but they don't switch so
if we turn that headlight switch on
you can see that the lights are on